Accept abstract namespace paths for unix domain sockets (#782)
agronholm/anyio: docs/versionhistory.rst

- Fixed quitting the debugger in a pytest test session while in an active task group
  failing the test instead of exiting the test session (because the exit exception
  arrives in an exception group)

> - Re-add support for linux abstract namespace sockets (#781

Reviewer: What did you mean by "Re-add" (also notice the tense which differs from all the rest of the changelog entries)? Did AnyIO used to have this support before?

Author: Indeed. It worked/works in 3.7.1 which we use currently to delay the ExceptionGroup change. I havn't bisected or tried to find where it broke more closely yet though.

Reviewer: If this used to work before, then I guess then the correct phrasing would be "fixed" because I never intentionally removed support for it.

> - Re-add support for linux abstract namespace sockets (#781

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed support for Linux abstract namespaces in UNIX sockets (#781
```
